Hello my name is Pasha in this video
we will analyze the max song of the selfish cake
clean coconut what happened why are you not
want to
this song uses two bundles
chord first is g minor
the second is adios
3 is f
and 4 is B minor
preppy leads another bunch of chords 1
cards is adios
2 f
the third is g minor
and 4 it adds
to simplify the game i use capo
on the first fret this way becomes
much easier to take chords
adios
f
and d d s
now let 's break the fight the first part of the verse
and i just play with strokes down
and
there are some more touches added but
it makes no sense to explain them because
you can tell the elements of the law then
in the verse begins here is a fight
quickly it looks like this
and
chorus i play six fight with
glushko
with glushko when playing a mediator nothing
different from mute when playing
fingers you also do at the same time
movement down the strings and silence them
palm
the battle looks like this
now i will play faster
on this all subscribe to the channel
put your thumbs up write in
comments what else carpets and analysis and
on them would you like to see
until